if you own a GM vehicle from 2003
through 2007 chances are you have a
stereo that looks something like this
and these stereos are very finicky they
have an anti-theft system that works by
having the VIN number of the vehicle the
radio was originally installed in
programmed into the radio so if you try
to install one of these radios into your
car that wasn't the original radio it
won't work you can install it and try to
power it on and nothing will happen
except maybe the lights will come on
just to tease you a little bit and the
only way to make a non original radio
work in your car is to take the radio to
a dealer and have them program it which
is expensive it only takes about 30
minutes or less of their time they plug
your car into a fancy machine and
reprogram the radio to your car and then
send you a heavy bill for it if you're
like me you don't have a lot of extra
money to throw around it's such
frivolity and if you find yourself in
the situation where you have one of
these radios that doesn't work in your
car I'll show you a temporary little
trick that will make the radio work it
will only work for a little while before
it turns off again but it'll give you
some tunes to roll around too until you
can scrape together the $150 to give to
your friendly neighborhood General
Motors dealership so the way this works
is instead of just pressing the power
button and turning the lights on what
you need to do is press and hold the
five preset button the seek forward
button and then press power so see if I
can do this all with one hand here five
seek and magic
we have ignition and the radio works not
only the radio but a tape player and the
CD player I'll show you how the CD
player works I don't want to infringe on
anyone's copyright so I actually made
the little ditty you're going to hear
right now tell me what you think of the
song
Jake the rapper here you're gonna
witness listen understand if you're
short on money like just press preset 5
the forward seat if you're short on
money like me just press preset 5 on the
4 we'll see if you got a Chevrolet
Jim school or Pontiac follow these steps
to get your mood back just like it once
was out of the speakers and in your
eardrum it don't matter what you refer
maybe books on tape maybe Glenn Miller
and his horse wheel truck 16 pieces
sweet as a peanut butter cup Reese if
you're short on money like me just press
preset 5 the forwards field if you're
short on money like just press preset 5
the forwards see if you're short on
money like just press preset 5 on the
forward seat if you so you get the idea
there so hopefully that can help you get
some music back into your car and thanks
for watching